CFE-371: Docs work for ALB Operator (#45430)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/adding-tls-termination.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/add-tls-termination.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-adding-tls-termination_{context}"]

> = Adding the tls termination on the AWS Load Balancer

Reviewer: TLS termination

Author: ack'ed

You can route the traffic for the domain `example.com` to pods of a `service` `example-service`, and add TLS termination on the AWS Load Balancer.

.Prerequisites

> 

Author: Addressed

.Procedure

> . Deploy the operator and create an instance of the resource `AWSLoadBalancerController`:

Reviewer: Operator is always capitalized per https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#operator-name-capitalization

Author: Ack'ed

> . Deploy the Operator and create an instance of the resource `AWSLoadBalancerController`:

Author: Addressed

+
[source,yaml]
----

> kind: AWSLoadBalancerController

Author: Addressed

group: networking.olm.openshift.io/v1alpha1 <1>
metadata:
  name: cluster <2>
spec:
  subnetTagging: auto
  ingressClass: tls-termination <3>
----

> <1> Defines the resource group of the `AWSLoadBalancerControlller` resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> Defines the API group of the `AWSLoadBalancerController` resource.
```

Author: Ack'ed

<2> Defines the `aws-load-balancer-controller` instance.

> <3> Defines the name of a default `IngressClass`. The `aws-load-balancer-controller` reconciles a default `IngressClass`.

Reviewer 2: Default? The default ingress class is denoted by a special annotation on the ingress class (`ingressclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class`), it's kinda out of scope of this operator.
I would just say that this defines the ingress class to be reconciled by the controller.

Author: Ack'ed

> <3> Defines the name of a default `IngressClass`. The `aws-load-balancer-controller` reconciles a default `IngressClass`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<3> The name of the `IngressClass` which the `aws-load-balancer-controller` will reconcile. This `IngressClass` will be created if it is not present.
```

Author: Ack'ed

> <3> The name of the `IngressClass` which the `aws-load-balancer-controller` will reconcile. This `IngressClass` will be created if it is not present. Additional `IngressClass`es can also be added which will be reconciled by the controller as long as their `spec.controller` is `ingress.k8s.aws/alb`.

Reviewer: Additional  `IngressClass` values can also be added. They are reconciled by the controller when the `spec.controller` value is set to `ingress.k8s.aws/alb`.

Author: Ack'ed

> <3> Defines the name of the `ingressClass` reconciled by `aws-load-balancer-controller`. This `ingressClass` gets created if it is not present. You can add additional `IngressClass` values. The controller reconciles the `IngressClass` values as long as the `spec.controller` is set to `ingress.k8s.aws/alb`.

Author: Addressed

. Create an `Ingress` resource:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: example
  annotations:
    alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/scheme: internet-facing <1>
    alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/certificate-arn: arn:aws:acm:us-west-2:xxxxx <2>
spec:
  ingressClassName: tls-termination <3>
  rules:
  - host: example.com
    http:
        paths:
          - path: /
            pathType: Exact
            backend:
              service:
                name: example-service
                port:
                  number: 80
----

> <1> Controller provisions the load balancer for this ingress in a public subnet so that the load balancer is reachable over the internet.

Reviewer: The controller provisions the load balancer for this `Ingress` resource

Author: Ack'ed

<2> The Amazon Resource Name of the certificate that you attach to the `loadbalancer`.

> <3> Defines `Ingress` class name.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<3> Defines the `Ingress` class name.
```

Author: Addressed

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/aws_load_balancer_operator/add-tls-termination.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-adding-tls-termination_{context}"]
= Adding the TLS termination on the AWS Load Balancer

You can route the traffic for the domain, for example, `example.com` to pods of a `service`, for example, `example-service`, and add TLS termination on the AWS Load Balancer.

.Prerequisites

* You have an access to OpenShift CLI (oc).

.Procedure

. Install the Operator and create an instance of the `AWSLoadBalancerController` resource:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: AWSLoadBalancerController
group: networking.olm.openshift.io/v1alpha1 <1>
metadata:
  name: cluster <2>
spec:
  subnetTagging: auto
  ingressClass: tls-termination <3>
----

<1> Defines the API group of the `AWSLoadBalancerController` resource.
<2> Defines the `aws-load-balancer-controller` instance.

> <3> Defines the name of the `ingressClass` reconciled by `aws-load-balancer-controller`. This `ingressClass` gets created if it is not present. You can add additional `ingressClass` values. The controller reconciles the `ingressClass` values if the `spec.controller` is set to `ingress.k8s.aws/alb`.

Reviewer 5: Need nouns to follow e.g. `ingressClass`

Author: Addressed
